README.md, before:

# ResonateKit

A Swift client library for the [Resonate Protocol](https://github.com/Resonate-Protocol/spec) - enabling synchronized multi-room audio playback on Apple platforms.

## Features

- 🎵 **Player Role**: Synchronized audio playback with microsecond precision
- 🎛️ **Controller Role**: Control playback across device groups
- 📝 **Metadata Role**: Display track information and progress
- 🔍 **Auto-discovery**: mDNS/Bonjour server discovery
- 🎵 **Multi-codec**: FLAC, Opus, and PCM support
- ⏱️ **Clock Sync**: NTP-style time synchronization

## Requirements

- iOS 17.0+ / macOS 14.0+ / tvOS 17.0+ / watchOS 10.0+
- Swift 6.0+

## Installation

### Swift Package Manager

```swift
dependencies: [
    .package(url: "https://github.com/YOUR_ORG/ResonateKit.git", from: "0.1.0")
]
```

## Quick Start

```swift
import ResonateKit

// Create client with player role
let client = ResonateClient(
    clientId: "my-device",
    name: "Living Room Speaker",
    roles: [.player],
    playerConfig: PlayerConfiguration(
        bufferCapacity: 1_048_576, // 1MB
        supportedFormats: [
            AudioFormatSpec(codec: .opus, channels: 2, sampleRate: 48000, bitDepth: 16),
            AudioFormatSpec(codec: .flac, channels: 2, sampleRate: 44100, bitDepth: 16),
        ]
    )
)

// Discover servers
let discovery = ResonateDiscovery()
await discovery.startDiscovery()

for await server in discovery.discoveredServers {
    if let url = await discovery.resolveServer(server) {
        try await client.connect(to: url)
        break
    }
}

// Client automatically handles:
// - WebSocket connection
// - Clock synchronization
// - Audio stream reception
// - Synchronized playback
```

## License

Apache 2.0

Commit message:

docs: document AudioScheduler implementation and architectural changes
- Add Audio Synchronization section to README
- Create comprehensive CHANGELOG with all changes
- Document implementation details and design decisions
- Include references and future enhancement ideas
- Link to testing guide

This completes the AudioScheduler implementation (Tasks 1-10)

README.md, after:

# ResonateKit

A Swift client library for the [Resonate Protocol](https://github.com/Resonate-Protocol/spec) - enabling synchronized multi-room audio playback on Apple platforms.

## Features

- 🎵 **Player Role**: Synchronized audio playback with microsecond precision
- 🎛️ **Controller Role**: Control playback across device groups
- 📝 **Metadata Role**: Display track information and progress
- 🔍 **Auto-discovery**: mDNS/Bonjour server discovery
- 🎵 **Multi-codec**: FLAC, Opus, and PCM support
- ⏱️ **Clock Sync**: NTP-style time synchronization

## Requirements

- iOS 17.0+ / macOS 14.0+ / tvOS 17.0+ / watchOS 10.0+
- Swift 6.0+

## Installation

### Swift Package Manager

```swift
dependencies: [
    .package(url: "https://github.com/YOUR_ORG/ResonateKit.git", from: "0.1.0")
]
```

## Quick Start

```swift
import ResonateKit

// Create client with player role
let client = ResonateClient(
    clientId: "my-device",
    name: "Living Room Speaker",
    roles: [.player],
    playerConfig: PlayerConfiguration(
        bufferCapacity: 1_048_576, // 1MB
        supportedFormats: [
            AudioFormatSpec(codec: .opus, channels: 2, sampleRate: 48000, bitDepth: 16),
            AudioFormatSpec(codec: .flac, channels: 2, sampleRate: 44100, bitDepth: 16),
        ]
    )
)

// Discover servers
let discovery = ResonateDiscovery()
await discovery.startDiscovery()

for await server in discovery.discoveredServers {
    if let url = await discovery.resolveServer(server) {
        try await client.connect(to: url)
        break
    }
}

// Client automatically handles:
// - WebSocket connection
// - Clock synchronization
// - Audio stream reception
// - Synchronized playback
```

## Audio Synchronization

ResonateKit uses timestamp-based audio scheduling to ensure precise synchronization:

- **AudioScheduler**: Maintains priority queue of audio chunks sorted by playback time
- **Clock Sync**: Compensates for clock drift using Kalman filter approach
- **Playback Window**: ±50ms tolerance for network jitter
- **Late Chunk Handling**: Automatically drops chunks >50ms late to maintain sync
- **AsyncStream Pipeline**: Non-blocking chunk output for smooth playback

The scheduler converts server timestamps to local playback times and ensures chunks play at their intended moment, not when they arrive from the network. This architecture matches the [Go reference implementation](https://github.com/harperreed/resonate-go).

## Testing

See [docs/TESTING.md](docs/TESTING.md) for manual testing procedures and validation checklist.

## License

Apache 2.0
